- Hotline Miami 2 was banned in Australia for violence and a short scene with "explicit sexual content". A fan contacted dev to negotiate money transfer, to which he received response of "Just pirate".

- Its not much better. They recently banned Rimworld because you can take drugs in it, not because of eating people, skinning them for leather, prison work camps, native genocide. Nope it was the drugs that did it

- Someone I know who publishes his works professionally, has told me that he posts his own works on piracy sites. Because publishing is a dirty business, they keeps almost all the profits for themselves. It hardly earns him any money, it keeps his works out of the hands of the people he wants to have access to his works. Because the books are really expensive. And it's less practical than just downloading them.

> Mr. Beast the biggest youtuber (more than 200m followers) also believes that if someone shares his videos without citation, it is a good thing actually. It is a free advertisement to the local communities that otherwise wouldn't be able to even get into this stuff.

- I wouldn't have purchased the graphic novels that I own today if it wasn't for piracy. Because I was able to easily access the stories is what pushed me to want to pay for the collections.

> in fact we have now publications that you read then you pay for the book from a minimum to a desired maximum. (you can pay bare minimum to cover the costs, or reward the author).

- Most bands don't make a damn thing from selling records. Sold out shows and merch is where it's at.

> in some cases, even the most famous artist, majority goes to the label record and they OWN the content, not the artist.
